Update Cucumber FAQ (#5115)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/faq/questions/using-cypress-faq.mdx

Yes.
[You can override this with `userAgent` in your Cypress configuration](/guides/references/configuration#Browser).

> _Note_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: 👍🏽

- try using the
  [Cucumber preprocessor](https://github.com/badeball/cypress-cucumber-preprocessor)
  and search our [Plugins](/plugins) page for additional helper plugins

> ## <Icon name="angle-right" /> Should I use Cucumber to write tests?

Reviewer: Adding a new section under `Can I use Cucumber to write tests?` feels weird. I'd just combine the answer with the above response:
```suggestion
```

> Cypress does not currently have an official stance on Cucumber as each use case
> is unique and based on the needs of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deciding to use Cucumber is based on the needs of the users.
```
